The Joe Rogan.
Experience, but check this out though. Um,
our relationship would grow and grow and eventually,
um, Mr. Kelly, you know, Jesus. Yeah.
What he got.
There. He, he, he began, he began.
Put sign sneak right.
In. Yeah. He began, uh, I take the hood off believing.
Whoa, that's him right there in that photo with.
You. That's him right there. That's and it's grand dragon, Rob. This is, uh,
his Imperial wizard, Rob whoa, right here. And, and, um,
he gave you, his robe gave me his Rob, cuz he no longer believes in stands for.
Wow. And um, and how many.
Years did it take that? There it is. How many years did it take before you?
Just by being around him and talking to him? Um.
For him it was probably like around maybe six and a half, seven.
Six.
And a half, seven years now, some something it's it is a matter of months,
a matter of a year, two years. And.
So what do you do to just talk? Is that the hat? That's the hood. Yeah.
Oh Jesus. And you see, this is, this top part is the hood and this, uh,
lower portion here is what's called the,
the mask and members who want anonymity.
They don't want you to know who they are. They wear this mask,
which is attached by three snaps or Velcro. Just remove it. They don't care.
And the face is exposed as you saw in that picture.
Um, so what, what is it like you said you guys got closer,
you said you became more and more friends. You started visiting each other.
Yeah. And did he ever say, you know, I'm starting to think this is. Yeah,
pretty much. How, how did he say it? Um.
He called me up one day <affirmative> and he told me, uh, I, I got some, I,
I wanna talk to you about, and I said, okay. He goes, you,
you wanna meet for dinner? I said, sure.
So I drove it to Frederick and met him and he sat me there. He said, you know,
um, I'm quitting, Mclan, I'm leading it. And.
He's the top dog.
It top dog. He gave it all up and here's the thing. Um,
he did a smart thing. He did a good thing. He didn't hand it down.
He shut it down. Wow. Yeah. Um.
You know, did he convince the other people in the clan that.
Well, they had their choice to do whatever they wanted to do. Right.
A lot of them left. A lot of them left as well.
Then there were those who tried to keep it going, but you know, but failed.
Did he use you as an example when he was speaking to them? They, they.
Knew why he, he did it. Uh, he received some hate mail.
He began receiving some hate mail from,
from some of his own members anonymously,
the same kind of hate mail that at one time he would send out to people,
anonymous would now come back to him, you know, uh, you know,
you are in bed with darl Davis, you're a lover, all that kind of stuff,
unsigned, you know, the same stuff that he would put out to other people. Uh,
and so he, he began seeing himself in the mirror, you know, underst I'm saying,
so that was, that was very crucial. Um, and, and I, I,
I have repeated this process many times with different people. Um.
What did, what is the process do you, when, like,
when you're talking about like the Charles Murray stuff, the bell curve stuff,
how do you refute that? What are you saying to him?
I'm saying to him, look, Mr. Murray,
anytime you wanna prove something, you find something that fits your narrative.
Yes. You can find some, some black person who has a very low IQ. Okay. If, if,
if I'm gonna, if, if I work for Ford and, and, and I want,
and I wanna prove that my car is better than Chevrolet,
then I'm gonna find this Chevrolet that doesn't, that doesn't run very well. Mm.
You know, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna do it that way. So I, I refuteed Mr. Murray's and,
and his, uh, his partner with two guys who wrote the book, um, uh, their,
their, their documentation and, and, uh, and see, they,
they, they go by things that they can see and understand.
I'm gonna give you an example of something that, that that's going, uh,
help you understand this Cyclop was riding around in my car one day with
me, he's sitting in my passenger seat. Right. And we're driving,
I'm driving along. And somehow we got on the topic of, uh,
of black crime and he made a statement. He said,
well, you know, you know, we all know, uh, they say that, you know, again,
that vape authority, yeah. Say that, um, that, uh,
black people have a gene in them that makes them violent.
And I'd heard that before from other Klan people,
that's one of their narratives and, uh, you know,
the wild black Savage kind of thing. And, uh, I said,
what are you talking about? He says, well,
who's doing all the drive-bys and carjackings in Southeast,
he was referring to Southeast Washington, DC,
which is a predominantly black area. Some whites live there.
It's predominantly black, very high crime written. I said,
okay, it's black people. I said,
but that's what lives there. I said,
who's doing all the crime in bangorma white people,
because that's what lives there. I said, you know,
you're not even considering the demographics. He's like, no, no, no, no,
you all have this gene, blah, blah, blah. So, you know, he's gonna shut me down.
And um, I said, look, he's right here. I said, look,
I'm as black as anybody. You know, I said,
I have never done a drive by, I have never done a carjacking.
How do you explain that this man did not wait one second.
He answered me like that. He said, your gene is latent. Hasn't come out yet.
<laugh> how do you argue with somebody who's that far in that field, right?
I mean, you can't even bite into that and chew on it. Right?
So I'm dumbfounded and I'm speechless. I'm just driving along. He's over here,
all smuggling. You see nothing to say.
So I thought about it and I said, you know, they say,
I use his, his authority. I said,
they say that all white people have a gene that makes them a serial killer.
He said, how do you figure that? I said,
name me three black serial killers. He couldn't do it. It,
I said, here, I'm gonna give you one. I named one for him. I said, here, just,
just name me two. He couldn't do it. I said, Charles Manson,
Jeffrey Dahmer, Henry Lee Lucas. John Wayne.
Gayacy Albert DeSalvo the Boston strangler. Ted Bundy, uh, uh,
David beerit son, Sam ed gain Henry Lee. Lucas. Edguien right.
Ed Gean and his crazy machine is the skin people. Mm-hmm <affirmative> okay.
I said, son, they're all white.
<laugh> you you're a serial killer. <laugh> it'slaant. Yeah. And,
and he said, well, Dar, I've never killed anybody. I said,
your Gina latent hasn't come out yet. Oh, he goes, he goes, well, that's stupid.
I said, well, duh. I said, you're right. It is stupid. I said,
but it's no more stupid for me to say that about you than what you said about
me. And he got very quiet, but I mean,
you could almost see it, Joe, his wheels were tears, spinning tears. And, um,
he's thinking about it. And then he changed the subject tears,
but within four or five months, he left the clan. Wow.
Based on that conversation. Wow.
And his robe was the very first robe I ever got. Wow.
So he came to you and gave you the robe. He said that conversation.
With you. Well, well, first he said, uh, no,
he didn't come to me and gimme the robe. He, uh, he called me and, uh, and he,
uh, uh, I was gonna be up in that, in that area. And he, and uh, he said,
you want, you want to get together?
And I got together with him and he went to go over to the courthouse for
something, uh, he'd been in some kind of trouble.
He went to go pick up something with the courthouse.
So I gave him a ride over there and he told me he was,
he was gonna quit the clan, you know? And he,
he thought a lot about what I'd said. And um, I said,
what are you gonna do with your stuff? He said, trash it. I said, I said, no,
Don, don't, don't trash it. I said, give it to me. And he says, you want,
you want my rib and all my CLA stuff? And I said, yeah, he goes,
why, why would you want that? I didn't know why, but something told me,
just take it there. I'll just take it. Um, and I said, uh, I,
I don't know what I'm gonna do with it. But see, I said, yeah, I do want it.
So we went back to his apartment now I'd never been in his apartment.
Cause I hadd met him outside, outside in the driveway or whatever,
a parking lot. And he said, come on in. And uh,
so I I'm walking up the stairs with him to his apartment. I'm thinking,
you know, I hope I'm not getting set up here, you know,
but I walked on in and his fiance was sitting on the couch. Clanswoman,
that's seen her before and, uh,
sat down and talked with her and he went down the hall to his room and he came
back with, when he came back, he got a hefty trash bag.
Went back there again and came back with this trash bag, all loaded up,
had his robe, his hood, a clan belt buckle. They have a C clam belt buckle.
Oh yeah. They got clan tie clips, all kinds of stuff, man. And, um, uh,
his certificate of membership, um,
all kinds of stuff and this bat and gave it to me. And um, I said, okay,
thank you. You know? And I, I didn't know why I wanted it,
but I just knew I your have, uh, well, first of all, it is history. Okay.
Um, and you don't destroy history. The good, the bad, the ugly,
and the shameful is still American history.
And the KKK I've said it before is as American as baseball,
apple pie and Chevrolet, you know, it's, it's a shameful part of our history,
but it is our history. Nonetheless, I know what I'm doing this stuff. Uh,
I got my five. Oh,
one<unk [inaudible] I'm gonna have a museum one day and put all this stuff in
there. Wow.
What's a five. Oh one<.
Ckunk so it makes you tax exempt. Oh yeah.
<Laugh> KKK conversion museum. Yeah. Yeah.
You can have pictures of you with the dudes right next to the robe and each one.
Oh yeah.
That that's amazing. Uh, most of them, most of them I do. And so, um,
I began collecting all this kind of stuff. Um, this is,
well here. Lemme show you this one. This is a, uh, grand dragon robe. Gr um,
green is the sign for the grand dragon. And, uh,
there you go. That a little Confederate flags here,
you LAN patches who's is that who gave you that? This guy,
Bob white, Robert White,
Robert White used to be the grand dragon of Maryland for another clan group,
which was a rival to Roger Kelly's group. All right. Um,
when I, uh, when I first heard of Bob white, I was in my late teen.
And, um, he, I heard, I heard about him on the news.
He had been busted arrested and, uh, put in jail,
uh, for conspiring to bomb a synagogue in Baltimore, up on Liberty road,
the Liberty roads, uh, synagogue. And, uh, he was convicted.
He went to prison for 40 years.
This is before I started writing the book all the time. So I,
I just remembered him. And then, uh, he got out after doing his time,
continued running the clan, and then some years later he got busted again,
assault with intent to murder two black men with a shotgun. All right,
now understand something, a <affirmative> as a plan leader,
you don't make any money or not a lot,
unless you're embezzling money from the dues. And a lot of people do that.
That's what causes theseliner groups. Um,
if you're a leader like a wizard or a dragon,
you might get like a small stipend out of the dues,
but not enough to pay your rent or put food in your table.
So you have to have a regular job, you know, CyOps wizard, dragon,
whatever. These are all just titles, like boy scout leader.
You have to have a regular job to pay your rent and mortgage.
This man's regular job when he was doing all this nonsense, uh,
bombing places and stuff. Baltimore city police, officer, whoa,
this is his police officer uniform. Okay. Yeah.
He was not an undercover cop in the Klan gathering intelligence.
He was a bonafide Klansman on the Baltimore city PO a least force.
Okay. Uh, and there are more, there are more okay. Um,
but he went on, this guy was vehemently,
vehemently anti-semimatic and racist and very, very violent. Um,
but he went on to become one of my best friends. And, um,
he gave me his Glen robe, HES police uniform. Cause you know,
I do a lot of lecturing all over the country and stuff. Did.
He quit the police force?
Uh, he was forced to quit the police force or be fired the police force,
Baltimore city police force. I mean, E even just last year, they,
they had a consent decree from the, um, department of justice against them.
They are very racist and very corrupt. Um,
<affirmative> what they would do is they would turn a blind eye to the Klansmen
on the force. Cause, you know, as, as a police officer,
you're not allowed to belong to any subverive groups. All right.
They would turn a blind eye as long as the guys would not bring
unwarranted attention to the, to the department. Mm. You know, just keep,
keep your stuff, you know, whatever. Well, you know, he, he would,
he would end up getting busted for, for planning a bomb near a synagogue and uh,
and you know, firing a shotgun and all that kind of stuff at black people. Um,
so they, they, you know, they gave, you know, Hey, you know, you gotta,
you gotta, you gotta retire or you put off the force, uh, you know,
you you're causing us too much, uh, publicity. This.
Is before he left the clan. Yeah. So what did he do after he did that?
He had to get another job while he was talking. He.
Got another job. He began, um, dealing in, uh, homeming pigeons. <laugh>.
<Laugh> dude, that's a,
these people have plan ridiculous way to train information.
It's perfect for someone who's in something.
Like the clown, but, um, you know, I mean, you, you have to work. Yeah.